Sphinx 6 upgrade post (#201)
readthedocs/blog: sphinx6-preparations.rst

> .. post:: Dec 5, 2022

Reviewer: I think we can publish this after the newsletter, and just mention we're working on it.

Author: It's pushed now, I think we should get the theme pre-release out before publishing this.

Author: See: https://github.com/readthedocs/sphinx_rtd_theme/pull/1397

   :tags: newsletter, python
   :author: Ben
   :location: MLM

.. meta::
   :description lang=en:
      Sphinx 6 is coming soon. Here are our thoughts about preparations that we
      are making, which may affect projects looking to upgrade.

> Sphinx 6 is coming

Reviewer: This is a very tongue in cheek headline, and doesn't provide the user much value. We should give more details:

```suggestion
Sphinx 6 is coming soon and has important breaking changes
```

==================

> Sphinx 6 is not yet released, but it may be released before the arrival of our next newsletter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sphinx 6 is going to be released in the near future.
It contains a few major breaking changes that users should be aware of,
and some smaller new features as well.
```

Here are some of our considerations for getting ready for Sphinx 6:

> - Sphinx 6 focuses on reducing the maintenance burden for the future,

Reviewer: We should break out the breaking changes at least to highlight them really explicitly.

Author: This is fixed now, moved all "motivational" notes to a final outro.
